embedding OSBS config file (#310)
cekit/cekit: docs/descriptor/osbs.rst

> Osbs

Reviewer: OSBS.

----
This section represents object we use to hint OSBS builder with a configuration which needs to be tweaked
for successful and reproducible builds.

> It contains two main keys:

Reviewer: List them here, in a list.

Repository
^^^^^^^^^^

> This keys serves as a hint which DistGit repository and its branch we use to push generated sources into.

Reviewer: Typo: this key.

**Example:**

> .. code:: yaml

Reviewer: Wrong formatting, the code part is not rendered properly.

    osbs:
        repository:
              name: containers/redhat-openjdk-18
              branch: jb-openjdk-1.8-openshift-rhel-7

Configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This key is holding OSBS ``container.yaml`` file ( :ref:`docs<https://osbs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/users.html?highlight=container.yaml#image-configuration>`_ )

> ``contianer.yaml`` file can be embedded in ``container_yaml`` key or inject from a file specified in ``container_yaml_file`` key.

Reviewer: Typo: container.yaml.

Embedded
""""""""
In this case whole ``container.yaml`` file is embedded in an image descriptor.

.. code:: yaml

    osbs:
        configuration:

> 	  container:

Reviewer: Tabs?

>            container:

Reviewer: So, `container` or `container_yaml` should be used?

              compose:
                  pulp: True

Linked
""""""

In this case ``container.yaml`` file is save next to the image descriptor.

.. code:: yaml

    osbs:
        configuration:

>             container_file: container.yaml

Reviewer: So, `container_file` or `container_yaml_file` as per doc above?

and ``container.yaml`` file contains:

> .. code:: yaml

Reviewer: Wrong formatting, the code part is not rendered properly.

OSBS
----
This section represents object we use to hint OSBS builder with a configuration which needs to be tweaked
for successful and reproducible builds.

It contains two main keys:

* ``repository``
* ``configuration``

Repository
^^^^^^^^^^
This key serves as a hint which DistGit repository and its branch we use to push generated sources into.

**Example:**

.. code:: yaml

    osbs:
        repository:
              name: containers/redhat-openjdk-18
              branch: jb-openjdk-1.8-openshift-rhel-7

Configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This key is holding OSBS ``container.yaml`` file ( :ref:`docs<https://osbs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/users.html?highlight=container.yaml#image-configuration>`_ )
``container.yaml`` file can be embedded in ``container`` key or inject from a file specified in ``container_file`` key.

Embedded
""""""""
In this case whole ``container.yaml`` file is embedded in an image descriptor.

.. code:: yaml

    osbs:
        configuration:
           container:
              compose:
                  pulp: True

Linked
""""""

> In this case ``container.yaml`` file is save next to the image descriptor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case ``container.yaml`` file is read from a file located next to the image descriptor.
```

Maybe like this?
